Known bugs / concerns:



- Some time of day displays go offscreen when the island name 
  is too long.
- Sleeping at an inn doesnt apply the change of day until you leave and re-enter the town / city / etc.
- In battle, some frames display a previous background image rather than the most current one
- In topaz builds, fullscreen disabling doesnt come with window decoration and resizing is impossible
- Some abilities are not properly implemented currently.
- Sometimes, using items will not consume them when they will sometimes be consumed normally. Likely due to either entiering or leaving the battle state, or save/loading an inventory.

Coming changes:
  . music and cues in topaz builds 

        
  . Post-Post game: endless mode 
    - Introduces EXP and leveling 
    - Keys to new islands buyable 
    - Level scaling for new islands
    - tier set to max constantly

  . Locations
      . Soul Orb dungeon location 
        - Possible dungeon location.
        - If currently not having a soul orb (story flag), 
          the stone pedestal has a soul orb 
        - party has a choice to grab it. If they do the 
          orb talks to the party asking them to take them 
          and use it on a knocked out enemy, stealing their soul
        - Return to pedestal afterward to make a weapon ability permanent.
        - can sell orb for high price, but doing so breaks the chain
            . If sell, the orb yells at you saying you will regret 
              your actions.  
        - chain:
            . If stand created and storyflag for hasOrb == false,
              location.data.decrepit = true
              location.data.hasOrb = true
              
            . If pick up orb, storyflag for hasOrb = true
              
            . If stand created and storyflag hasOrb == true 
              location.data.decrepit = false 
              location.data.hasOrb = false 
          
        
    


  . Enchanter stall
    . disenchant (remove effects) from equip for a flat rate 
    . enchant from a list of per-enchanter mods
        . base cost + rate if already enchanted scaling with number of effects 
    . transfer enchants 
        . scales with individual mod costs 
        . takes all mods and moves them on a non-enchanted item
    
  . Dungeon crawl-style maps for:
    - abandoned castles
    
  . Additional dungeon random locations
    - Wyvern statue with tablet. one time.
   


- Research Hall
    . Tablet exchange. Tablets are rare finds and can be exchanged for 
      uniques.
    . 
- Books containing lore and other fun things



SPOILERS BELOW
---------------------------------------------------
- Story
  . You and another are both among the Chosen by the Light Wyvern. The Wyvern beckons for you to reach them.
    If you reach them, a wish will  be granted. People are selected among the entire population as Chosen, 
    but only one team may be selected by the Light Wyvern. The challenge is to reach them, hunting the Gate Keys to reach their
    domain. Beware: other Chosen will attempt to get in your path for their own wish 

  . Each Wyvern are siblings and know each other, but all have the utmost respect for the Light Wyvern
    each will monologue a bit before the fight talking about themselves and their siblings, Each Wyvern 
    basically judges your worthiness to see the next. It's all a trial.
      - In combat with the Wyverns, you never knock them out or kill them, but rather they halt the 
        fight after being weakened enough.

  . Once you reach, challenge, and defeat the light wyvern, they explain to you their real reason to 
    summon you, why they pit all these Chosen among each other: they need a Champion to fight on their 
    behalf to fight the Dark Wyvern, a sibling who threatens all the others and the entire world. 
    
  . The Light Wyvern gives you a choice: have your wish granted now, or continue on as their Champion 
    to fight the Dark Wyvern. If you choose the wish, the Light Wyvern understands and the credits roll.
    Otherwise, the Light Wyvern gives you a key to the Dark domain, where one final temple awaits.

    Before entering the final gate with the final key, a prompt appears asking if you are truly ready 
    and warning you that, if you dont succeed, you might not be able to come back.

    Instead of randos fighting you, now the Dark Wyverns own disciples fight you, fully clad in armor, 
    weapons, and skills. Once the dungeon is complete and you reach the end of the dungeon, you actually
    dont get another key, but reach the Dark Wyvern. 

    Meta: when you fight the Dark Wyvern, it's all or nothing. If you lose to the Dark Wyvern, an in-game
    Error is thrown with the message "Your soul is mine, Champion of Light.", corrupting your save file 
    for that game.
